# Game Rules

To get you started, we made a damn small instruction.

1. There are nine fields (the big ones!).
2. Within each field there are another nine smaller fields.
3. TicTacToe each big field (TicTacToe is a verb now), but be aware of the fact that where you set your cross
   or circle (on a small field) your opponent has to continue in the corresponding big field.
4. If a field was won by you or your opponent once someone gets there he/she has the
   privilege to choose where to set his/her next cross/circle.
5. The winner is the one who wins the TicTacToe on the big fields.

Protip: To create a draw use:
```
OXX
XOO
OXX
```

# Development
## Server
### Requirements for node.js hypertoc server
* npm install bl
* npm install node-uuid
* npm install concat-stream
* forward your node.js port (default is 8989) to /api/ on your domain
* Only needed for code tests
  * npm install unit.js
  * npm install -g mocha

Creating an automated installation script (eg NPM) is still a TODO for @shrykull.

## Web Frontend
### Requirements
* Node Package Manager (npm)

### Structure
```
.
├── dist
├── Gruntfile.js
├── node_modules
├── package.json
└── src
    ├── main
    │   ├── js
    │   └── less
    └── resources
```

* _dist_ will be generated from the source files (see [Compile sources](#compile-sources)).
* _Gruntfile.js_ Tells Grunt what to do (see [Grunt Documentation](http://gruntjs.com/getting-started))
* _node_modules_ will generated by npm
* _package.json_ Tells npm what to do
* _src_ contains the source files
  - _resources_ are static files, that will be copied 1:1.
  - _main_ contains the files that will be compiled


### Install dependencies
To start developing you have to install the dependencies first. Therefor change into `web/` and execute `npm install`

### Compile sources
We use [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/) to compile the source files and copy the static resources. After checking out the project and installing the dependencies run `grunt` to create the dist directory.

While developing it is recommended to run `grunt watch`. Grunt will watch all relevant files and execute the necessary tasks on a change.

### Release
If you finished developing you can run `grunt package` to create a zip-Folder. Running the _package_ task will trigger all compile and copy tasks to be sure all files are present and up to date.



#### Happy tocking!


# Support & Documentation
RTFM
